- [Instructor] We are now going to get our SDK
up and running on our machines.
Now the way that you're going to do this will vary
based on whether you're using a virtual environment or not.
But basically the process is the same,
it's just a matter of a few variables.
So the first thing that I'm going to do
is I'm going to build a file into my project
in order to house all of my dependencies.
So let me build that file
and I'm going to call it requirements.txt.
In my requirements.txt, I'm going to type in boto3,
which is the Amazon SDK,
Now in PyCharm, I can actually install this automatically
by selecting this plug-in.
But I want to show you how to do it.
So I'm going to open up a terminal.
Now you'll notice by this terminal
that I'm already in a virtual environment.
If you are not, you could type in source,
the name of your virtual environment
or the folder that it's in, bin activate
and it will activate your virtual environment.
So at this point, you can now run pip install dash r
requirements.txt and it's going to go through
and do an installation of everything that you need
in order to run this program.
You'll see I had several things
that came from my global library
but at the very end here, it says that installing
collected packages boto3 was successfully installed.
So at this point, I have version 1.11.9
of Boto 3 running in my environment
and I'm ready to use it to start development.